Master Wan, wait
Xia Xiaotong
Why are you here?
I'm so sorry about what happened before
I came here specially to apologize to you this time.
You are not wrong
Don't apologize to me
Too many people misunderstand me, I care
So can Master Zhou forgive me?
Yes, I forgive you.
But there's still work to be done.
Please make it impolite to you.
But I also want to ask
Our two baby boys, right?
If you just want to win the bidding relationship
You can find someone else
I won't accompany you. Why?
Because my woman is annoying
Miss Xia, that kid is so ignorant of praise
Why waste time on him?
Haven't you been expelled from your house?
That was before.
Soon Wanjia will be mine
How is Miss Xia cooperating with me?
As long as my plan succeeds
Your whole family will remember
What!
Introduce yourself
I am Miss Xie, the housekeeper of Wanjia
Find one with us if you have time
Let's talk.